# SWEN 607 9040 Software Engineering Project

The project is to develop an artificial intelligence (AI) software to help professionals in public service like doctors, medical technicians, police officers, and others who fill out a text report after performing a portion of their job, to prepare that text report. Let's take the example of a physician. Physicians write notes after each patient visit. We want a tool to listen to the conversation between the physician and the patient and prepare potential notes that the physician can then edit before saving it in an Electronic Medical Record (EMR) system. Likewise is the case for other public service professionals.

The software will have a tool that will take guidance from the professional about how he or she wants to see the end report. It will create a template that will be used later during the conversation. This template will have multiple elements that the AI piece will work on and fill in the required information as the conversation progresses. The software will have a web component and a mobile component. The web component will have a handful of pages about the project such as documentation and download instructions, and some REST API to support the mobile app. The mobile component will do the sound capture and participate in processing. We are not going to develop any AI models, instead we are going to use Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and its AI tools. GCP provides each new sign-up $300 credit that can be consumed within three months. This should be more than sufficient for our needs considering each person in the team has that credit. GCP offers a chatbot service called Dialogflow that we may use to understand and power our system. There are two versions of Dialogflow: complex and easy. You can read about them from: https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow/docs.
